# -ICBKCNBJSDG
----------------------------- Message Header ------------------------------  Swift output     :     FIN 760     Stand By Letter Of Credit     Sender           :     AGBKBDDHA004  AGRANI BANK LTD, AMIN COURT BRANCH,  MOTIJHEEL,  DHAKA     Receiver         :    ICBKCNBJSDG                       INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL BANK OF CHINA,                       SHANDONG, CHINA,                        ------------------------------ Message Text -------------------------------  27         :     SEQUENCE OF TOTAL  1/1  20         :     TRANSACTION REFERENCE NUMBER  06799783  23         :    FURTHER IDENTIFICATION ADVISING  30         :    DATE    160519  40C        :     APPLICABLE RULES  LATEST VERSION  77C        :     DETAILS OF GUARANTEE     dear bankers, please be informed we  advise this message to ICBKCNBJSDG INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL BANK OF CHINA,310, QURANCHENG ROAD JINAN, SHANDONG, CHINA, From our desk as below:     TO         :    INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL BANK OF CHINA  ADDRESS    :     SHANDONG, CHINA  SWIFT CODE  :     ICBKCNBJSDG  From       :     AGRANI BANK LTD,  ADDRESS    :     AMIN COURT BRANCH,  MOTICHEEL,DHAKA  SWIFT CODE  :     AGBKBDDHA004  APPLICANT   :     HAJIN COSMETIC CO. LTD,  ADDRESS    :     PLOT-21 BLOCK-C, UTTARA, DHAKA  BENEFICIARY :     JH INTERNATIONAL CO.LTD  ADDRESS    :     SANDONG, CHINA     AT THE REQUEST OF APPLICANT AND FOR VALUE RECEIVED BY US, WE, AGRANI BANK LTD, AMIN COURT BRANCH,  MOTIJHEEL, DHAKA HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND WITHOUT PROTEST' OR NOTIFICATION, WITH OUR FULL RESPONSIBILITY, UNDERTAKE TO PAY AGAINST THIS GUARANTEE NO: AGB/05/2016 TO THE ORDER OF HAJIN COSMETIC CO. LTD, THE BEARER OR HOLDER THEREOF ON MATURITY DATE THE SUM OF USD 50,00,000.00 (FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS) UPON PRESENTATION           TO US THE ORIGINAL GUARANTEE AT OUR COUNTERS ON EXPIRY DATE, BUT NOT EARLIER THAN FIFTEEN DAYS.AFTER EXPIRY DATE. THE INSTRUMENT VALID FOR ONE YEAR ONLE DAY FROM THE DATE OF ISSUE 19.05.2016 FOR THE DELIVERY OF MACHINERIES  AS PER CONTACT To HAJIN COSMETIC CO LTD.     SUCH PAYMENT SHALL BE MADE, UPON RECEIPT BY OURSELVES OF YOUR FIRST WRITTEN REQUEST WITH OUR CONSENT (799), WITHOUT SET OFF AND SHALL BE FREE AND CLEAR OF ANY DEDUCTIONS OR CHARGES, FEES OR WITHHOLDINGS OF ANY NATURE PRESENTLY OR IN THE FUTURE IMPOSED, LEVIED, COLLECTED, WITHHELD OR ASSESSED THEREIN OR THERE OF.     THIS STAND BY LETTER OF CREDIT  IS ASSIGNABLE, TRANSFERABLE, DIVISIBLE AND NEGOTIABLE WITHOUT ANY PERMISSION FROM OURSELVES AND WITHOUT THE PAYMENT OF ANY TRANSFER FEES OR CHARGES AND MAY BE CONFIRMED ON  BANK TO BANK BASIS.  THIS GUARANTEE IS VALID FROM 19.05.2016 TO 19.05.2017 AND MAY BE RENEWED FURTHER UPON RECEIPT OF PRIOR INSTRUCTION FROM THE APPLICANT AND OUR SWIFT MT799 WILL FOLLOW.     PARTIAL PAYMENT IS ALLOWED.  THIS STAND BY LETTER OF CREDIT IS SUBJECT TO THE UNIFORM RULES FOR DEMAND GUARANTEES (URDG) 2010 REVISION, UNDER ICC PUBLICATION NO. 758 AND SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF BANGLADESH.  THIS IS AN OPERATIVE INSTRUMENT AND NO OTHER CONFIRMATION SHALL F0LLOW.           BEST REGARDS,  AGRANI BANK LTD,  AMIN COURT BRANCH,   MOTIJHEEL,  DHAKA
